draft: graphql subscription documentation (#63)
easysoftware/developer-portal-devs: docs/Backend_tutorials/features/graphql.md

7. Do not forget `init_journal` if entity is journalized.
8. Use `safe_attributes` for assign attributes to entity.
9. If you create new entity and its not valid, return `errors` and `nil` for entity.

## Subscriptions
https://graphql-ruby.org/subscriptions/subscription_classes.html

Subscriptions could be considered as specific type of Resolvers. They are supposed to fetch data resolver-like, 
but the main difference is in the way of fetching the data. 

Resolvers are used to fetch data on demand by client side of application. Subscriptions on the other hand, are just initialized by client side of application as channel that provides information when data change. 
Data fetching part is triggered on server side, when specific event occurs (trigger is called).

We are using `Subscriptions::Base` to inherit for all our subscriptions. This class is defined in `easy_extensions/app/api/easy_graphql/subscriptions/base.rb`.

> Place subscriptions into `*/app/api/easy_graphql/subscriptions` directory. Name convention of subscription is `TBD`.

Author: ```suggestion
Place subscriptions into `*/app/api/easy_graphql/subscriptions` directory. Name convention of subscription should describe triggering event and associated object in pattern: `object_event`, e.g.: IssueUpdated.
```
